#207 Implementation Guidance for all concepts (#232)
ga4gh/cat-vrs: docs/source/_includes/_guidance_construct_allele_objects.rst

We recommend the following resources for constructing VRS objects:

> - The `Variant Normalizer <https://variation-normalizer.readthedocs.io>`_ is a Python package and

Reviewer: Sadly, no readthedocs. 

```suggestion
- The `Variant Normalizer <https://github.com/cancervariants/variation-normalization/>`_ is a Python package and
```

Reviewer: One general thing about the normalizer is that it handles free text queries (such as BRAF V600E), in addition to HGVS expressions. It provides some decisions such as liftover to GRCh38, selecting the MANE transcript during liftover/alignment, and HGVS dup del mode. 

Whereas VRS-Python does not support free text queries, nor the decisions above.

Author: This now reads as 

> The [Variant Normalizer](https://github.com/cancervariants/variation-normalization/) is a Python package and public REST instance that translates plain-text HGVS expressions (for example, “NM_004333.4:c.1799T>A”) or free text natural language input (for example, “BRAF V600E”) into [Normalized VRS Allele objects](https://vrs.ga4gh.org/en/latest/conventions/normalization.html#allele-normalization). Genomic coordinates default to GRCh38, transcripts default to [MANE Select transcripts](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/MANE/), and HGVS del dup mode unless otherwise specified.

Do you have a link that I include for the del dup mode? I looked at the hgvs python repo and readthedocs and didn't find a page that I could link to.

I am inclined to maybe remove the whole qualifier though for the sake of brevity. What do you think? This sentence, specifically 👇 

> Genomic coordinates default to GRCh38, transcripts default to [MANE Select transcripts](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/refseq/MANE/), and HGVS del dup mode unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer: Realized, we should also change Variant Normalizer -> Variation Normalizer

We could alter to something like:

> The `/normalize` endpoint will lift genomic coordinates to the preferred GRCh38 assembly and transcripts will use the [transcript selection algorithm](https://coolseqtool.readthedocs.io/stable/transcript_selection.html). Additionally, [HGVS Dup Del Mode](https://github.com/cancervariants/variation-normalization/blob/main/docs/hgvs_dup_del_mode.md) will be applied for deletions and duplications represented as HGVS expressions.
